welcome to the marriage thing a place
where saying I do it means you only what
can I do for you today I would like to
open an account you like opening up that
would be great I can help you out
actually you might already have an
account with us are you married yes okay
well let me just check in yes yes you
did you do have an account with us but
it seems that your account is inactive
well what can this account do for me oh
well we take we are the various bank and
this is the place you come in to bring
your deposits and you pull all
withdrawals pretty much anything that
you want assigned to marriage happens
right here for instance I'm sorry excuse
me just a minute he may you have never
used this account no you're going to add
that listen you can hear your husband to
do almost anything you want and you
can't say I'm worried about it past you
or you can hold it over his head forever
as a guilt trip six hours of it 17 days
six hours ago on Sunday it all made it a
deposit I can fit in the bank and then
when I feel shopping for some shoes he
had to go with me it couldn't say a word
because he knew he owned me I had made a
deposit this sounds great what did I
have to do well since you already have
an account with us all I need to do is
start making some deposits let me give
you a few deposit forms they are right
here take those home and as you do
things around the house or things for
your husband all you do is bring them in
I'll add it to your camel then you want
to make the drawers come back in and
we'll make a patrol well thank you so
much awesome have a good day thank you
gonna do it today
here to make a few more different okay
excellent let me bring up your account
quit and I like to make withdrawn after
that ok let me what do we got it what's
this right here well you see my husband
likes to play golf and he played for the
whole weekend uh-huh so I think he owes
me with it so I want to make it a
present yeah you know you grow okay I've
got the golf game in and/or Julia's
withdrawal I need some talk to of course
at least 3-4 hours maybe you have you uh
in that account get that easily done
love you like that up for hours of talk
time golf game they're your man ain't
all the damage thank you they come very
fresh please say I didn't mean you only
look at when is a great track Otis me I
didn't like the girl you do let me bring
up your account sir oh sorry sir but it
appears your account is overdrawn
seriously yes yes it looks like you
forgot your wife's birthday and when you
do that that's a huge overdraft charge
she will show ever
I understand sir but missing it recently
causes your old email search you're
probably gonna have to make several
deposits to earn this this back because
she's going to hold it for long when I
was one of the way since this weekend I
i would probably dumped the races you
want to get your account back into the
positive you're going to have to make
some major deposits down now look like
on the ribbon fake home a personal mall
there's baixar a place we're saying I do
means you owe me what can I do for you
today hello microphone okay let me see
what you've got here what are they going
to posit for will on took my wife to the
chief blue and it was anything I was
really interested in he understands but
we I mean she crowd on that's high right
there okay and which I can make
withdrawal well no not today I'm saving
up okay got a weekend home tree or plant
and its own our anniversary that's going
to be some high points due to take an
operation diversion I according to your
account I think you have enough to do
that well I'll deal I'm going to take
her out to eat to her favorite
restaurant okay and then we're going to
drop down that to chat new and we're
going to see a 20 note chugga fears
conscious that's high points right there
let me check that one and thank ya if
you take her out to you can show the
pierce that put you way over your head
you probably have enough not to shave
for a couple days as needed back your
trip
welcome to the marriage ban place for
saying I knew these you owe me what can
I do for you today sir yes sir I need to
make a couple of deposit ok raw the
first cause it I wash to know to close
it alone ok let me get that in for you
ok yeah I win head double on the pub
Thank You the living room ayan a little
Dutch to tigger wow that's that's really
good and I was like to make went wrong
today kyowa hakko Michael withdrawal
afore I understand
we have playoffs which that let me
there you go I'm sure you have an
enjoyable evening Thank
yeah i'm gonna fall away
let's see what the bye